[14.0][MIG] mail migration (#2659)
OCA/OpenUpgrade: openupgrade_scripts/scripts/mail/14.0.1.0/upgrade_analysis_work.txt

# NOTHING TO DO: New feature. You can hide messages from some users independently from subtype configuration

mail         / mail.template            / copyvalue (char)              : not stored anymore
mail         / mail.template            / model_object_field (many2one) : not stored anymore
mail         / mail.template            / null_value (char)             : not stored anymore
mail         / mail.template            / sub_model_object_field (many2one): not stored anymore
mail         / mail.template            / sub_object (many2one)         : not stored anymore
# NOTHING TO DO: fields don't neet to be stored any more. They are now variables used to create expressions in advanced tab in mail templates

mail         / mail.template            / user_signature (boolean)      : DEL
# NOTHING TO DO: User signature not a feature anymore. Not deleted to preserve data

mail         / mail.tracking.value      / field (char)                  : relation is now 'ir.model.fields' ('False') [nothing to do]
mail         / mail.tracking.value      / field (char)                  : type is now 'many2one' ('char')
# DONE: pre-migration: rename field column

> # post-migration: fill the column with the id of the fields form the original column

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DONE: post-migration: filled the column with the id of the fields form the original column
```
